gh-145217: Add colour to `pprint` output (#145218)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2026-02-25-16-19-21.gh-issue-145217.QQBY0-.rst

> Add colour to :mod:`pprint` output. Patch by Hugo van Kemenade.

Reviewer: not the pprint mod, but 2 functions

```suggestion
Add color parameter to :func:`pprint.pprint` and :func:`pprint.pp`, enabling
syntax highlighting by default when the stream supports it. Patch by Hugo van
Kemenade.
```
